sample: Enabled limit query in hibernate sample application (#537)
GoogleCloudPlatform/pgadapter: samples/java/hibernate/README.md

    @GeneratedValue
    private UUID id;
}
```

## Optimization

### Transaction
Hibernate by default initiates every transaction as read-write even when there

> are only read queries. This causes over-head due to the locks required for read-write

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
are only read queries. This causes overhead due to the locks required for read-write
```

> transaction.

Reviewer: nit: 

```suggestion
transactions.
```

> This can be optimized by initiating read only transaction for read queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be optimized by initiating read only transactions for workloads that only execute read queries.
```

```java

> Session session = entityManager.unwrap(Session.class);

Reviewer: This will make the entire session read-only. Would it be possible to also show an example for how you could do this for a single transaction?

Furthermore: We should add a test that verifies that this actually works as expected, and does start a read-only instead of a read/write transaction.

Author: Have removed this section as this was not working in testing. Will take is up as a separate bug.
